Fix docs for shape/points layer properties (#4659)
Napari/napari: docs/howtos/layers/points.md

Each point can have a different size. You can pass a list or 1-dimensional array
of points through the size keyword argument to initialize the layer with points
of different sizes. These sizes are then accessible through the `size`
property. If you pass a single size then all points will get initialized with
that size. Points can be pseduo-visualized as n-dimensionsal if the

> `n-dimensional` property is set to `True` or the `n-dimensional` checkbox is

Reviewer: this is also out of date, the attribute is now `out_of_slice_display: bool`

Reviewer 2: Added a suggestion to fix this and get this PR in soon. If there are not other comments/updates in ~24 hours, I'll commit that and will merge this PR.

> that size. Points can be pseduo-visualized as n-dimensionsal if the
> `n-dimensional` property is set to `True` or the `n-dimensional` checkbox is

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
that size. Points can be pseudo-visualized as n-dimensional if the
`out_of_slice_display` property is set to `True` or the `out of slice` checkbox is
```
